FAB: Incorrect information about SpeedDialAction limits T1112375 (#4197)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxSpeedDialAction/dxSpeedDialAction.md

---
When there is only one SpeedDialAction on a page, it is represented by a Floating Action Button (FAB).

> When there are multiple SpeedDialActions, they are collected in a speed dial menu that can contain several actions. In this case, the FAB opens the menu. You can use the [floatingActionButtonConfig](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/') object to change the [maximum number of actions](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/maxSpeedDialActionCount.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#maxSpeedDialActionCount'), and the FAB's [position](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/position.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#position') and icons in the [open](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/icon.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#icon') and [close](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/closeIcon.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#closeIcon') states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are multiple SpeedDialActions, they are collected in a speed dial menu that can contain multiple actions. In this case, the FAB opens the menu. You can use the [floatingActionButtonConfig](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/') object to change the [maximum number of actions](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/maxSpeedDialActionCount.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#maxSpeedDialActionCount'), the FAB's [position](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/position.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#position'), and icons in the [open](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/closeIcon.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#closeIcon') and [closed](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/icon.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/floatingActionButtonConfig/#icon') states.
```
